
 
# Lata Mangeshkar Old Songs Part 1: A Collection of Her Hits from 1946 to 1949
 
Lata Mangeshkar, the legendary singer of Indian cinema, passed away on 6th February 2022 at the age of 92. She was known as the Nightingale of India and had a career spanning over seven decades. She sang in more than 36 languages and recorded over 25,000 songs. She was honored with the Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award of India, in 2001.
 
**Download Zip · [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fimgfil.com%2F2uLJBz&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0UvbY\_rbe8gfSc6opWjL7M](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fimgfil.com%2F2uLJBz&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0UvbY_rbe8gfSc6opWjL7M)**


 
One of her most prolific periods was from 1946 to 1949, when she sang for many films and composers. Some of her earliest hits were from this era, such as "Pa Lagu Kar Jori Re" from Aap Ki Seva Mein (1947), "Jab Dil Mein Tere Dard" from Chhand Sitare (1948), "Koi Mere Dil Mein" from Andaz (1949), and "Barsaat Mein Humse Mile Tum" from Barsaat (1949). She also sang for some of the most famous music directors of that time, such as Datta Davjekar, Khemchand Prakash, Shaukat Haidri, and Shankar-Jaikishan.
 
If you are a fan of Lata Mangeshkar and want to listen to some of her old songs from this period, you can download a zip file containing 68 songs by her from 1946 to 1949. The zip file is available on Archive.org[^1^], a website that preserves digital content for free. The file size is 184 MB and the songs are in MP3 format. You can also find a PDF file containing the song details on the same website.
 
Lata Mangeshkar's voice will always be remembered and cherished by millions of music lovers across the world. Her songs will continue to inspire and entertain generations to come.

Lata Mangeshkar's success continued in the 1950s, when she sang for some of the most iconic films and songs of Hindi cinema. She collaborated with many renowned music directors, such as Naushad, S.D. Burman, Shankar-Jaikishan, Salil Chowdhury, and Madan Mohan. She also sang with many popular singers, such as Mohammed Rafi, Mukesh, Hemant Kumar, Manna Dey, and Kishore Kumar.
 
Some of her memorable songs from this decade are "Aayega Aanewala" from Mahal (1950), "Aaja Re Pardesi" from Madhumati (1958), "Pyar Kiya To Darna Kya" from Mughal-e-Azam (1960), "Ajeeb Dastan Hai Yeh" from Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai (1960), and "Lag Ja Gale" from Woh Kaun Thi (1964). She also sang for some of the most famous actresses of that time, such as Nargis, Madhubala, Meena Kumari, Nutan, and Sadhana.
 
If you want to listen to some of her best songs from the 1950s, you can find many albums and playlists online. For example, you can listen to The Best of Lata Ever: 1950's[^1^], an album containing 20 songs by her from this decade. The album is available on Spotify[^2^], a music streaming service. You can also watch some of her songs on YouTube[^3^], a video sharing platform.
 
Lata Mangeshkar's songs from the 1950s are a treasure trove of melody and emotion. They showcase her versatility and range as a singer. They also reflect the changing trends and styles of Hindi film music in that era.

Lata Mangeshkar's songs from the 1960s are a testament to her versatility and longevity as a singer. She sang for some of the most popular films and stars of that decade, such as Mughal-e-Azam (1960), Aradhana (1969), Anand (1971), Guide (1965), and Sangam (1964). She also sang for some of the most acclaimed music directors, such as R.D. Burman, Laxmikant-Pyarelal, Ravi, and O.P. Nayyar. She also sang with some of the most talented singers, such as Asha Bhosle, Kishore Kumar, Mahendra Kapoor, and Mukesh.
 
latamangeshkarbestsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkaroldhitsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkargoldenhitsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarromanticsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarsadsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarbhajansmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarduetsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarsolosongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarclassicalsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarfilmsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarevergreensongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarraregemsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarawardsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarlivemp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarunreleasedsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarlatestsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarhitcollectionmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkaralltimesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarsuperhitsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarmelodioussongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarnightingsongsofindiamp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarlegendarysongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkariconicsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarmostpopularsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarfavouritesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarmagicalsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarmemorablesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarbeautifulsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarsoulfulsongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarexclusivesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarunforgettablesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkarversatilesongsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkartop10songsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkartop50songsmp3zipdownload,  latamangeshkartop100songsmp3zipdownload,  downloadlatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfile,  freelatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfileonline,  howtodownloadlatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfileforfree,  bestwebsitetodownloadlatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfileforfree,  bestappstodownloadlatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfileforfreeonandroidoriosdevices,  bestqualitylatamangeshkarhitsongsinmp3formatinazipfileforfreeonlineordownloadoffline,  highqualitylatamangeshkarhitsongsin320kbpsormoreinmp3formatinazipfileforfreeonlineordownloadoffline ,  lowqualitylatamangeshkarhitsongsin128kbpsorlessinmp3formatinazipfileforfreeonlineordownloadoffline ,  mediumqualitylatamangeshkarhitsongsin192kbpsinmp3formatinazipfileforfreeonlineordownloadoffline ,  listenonlinelatamangeshkarhitsongsinstreamingormp3formatinazipfileforfreeonanydeviceorplatform ,  playonlinelatamangeshkarhitsongsinstreamingormp3formatinazipfileforfreeonanydeviceorplatform ,  shareonlinelatamangeshkarhitsongsinstreamingormp3formatinazipfileforfreeonanydeviceorplatform ,  downloadandsharelatamangeshkarhitsongsinstreamingormp3formatinazipfileforfreeonanydeviceorplatform ,  enjoylatamangeshkarhitsongsinstreamingormp3formatinazipfileforfreeonanydeviceorplatform
 
Some of her unforgettable songs from this decade are "Abhi Na Jao Chhod Kar" from Hum Dono (1961), "Lag Ja Gale" from Woh Kaun Thi (1964), "Ajeeb Dastan Hai Yeh" from Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai (1960), "Aap Ki Nazron Ne Samjha" from Anpadh (1962), and "Tere Bina Zindagi Se" from Aandhi (1975). She also sang for some of the most beautiful actresses of that time, such as Waheeda Rehman, Vyjayanthimala, Sadhana, Sharmila Tagore, and Hema Malini.
 
If you want to listen to some of her best songs from the 1960s, you can find many albums and playlists online. For example, you can listen to The Best of Lata Ever: 1960s[^1^], an album containing 20 songs by her from this decade. The album is available on JioSaavn[^2^], a music streaming service. You can also watch some of her songs on YouTube[^3^], a video sharing platform.
 
Lata Mangeshkar's songs from the 1960s are a reflection of her mastery and grace as a singer. They showcase her ability to adapt to different genres and moods of music. They also capture the essence and spirit of Hindi film music in that era.
 8cf37b1e13
 
